keep moving Junior but aren't you I'm a
damsel I'm in distress I can handle this
have a nice day
ma'am I'm afraid you may be too close
this situation what are you doing get
your sword
I had mine but not bad oh Jesus I'm I'm
really sorry that was dumb
it's wonderful here for real are you
talking about of course he's real whoo
and by the way sweet cheeks
in real
get away with mistakes like those in the
minor decathlon
but this is the big leagues at least I
beat them good night next time don't let
your guard down because some pair of big
Google eyes
though it's like I keep telling you you
gotta stay focused
alright this Megara my friends call me
Matt at least they would if I had any
friends so did they give you a name
along with all those rippling Hercules
so how'd you get mixed up with these and
ID with those well you know how men are
they think no means yes and get lost
means take me I'm yours don't worry
shortie here can explain it to you well
thanks for everything
it's been a real nice wait can we give
you a ride
I don't think your control likes me very
much
oh don't be silly he'd be more than
happy to oh I'll be all right I'm a big
tough girl I tie my own sandals and
everything i buy Wonder Boy